in the previous video we have learned how to find
the longest common subsequence between two strings
In this problem we need to find the longest common
sub string between two strings
So what is the difference between sub sequence and sub
string in a subsequent The characters can be in relative
order but in the sub string characters should be in
continuous order
For example here B B B D B and B
C B are common
subsequence because the characters appear in relative order
and the characters need not be in continuous order
But here only A B and A B C are
common sub strings between these two strings
Because those two strings only appear in continuous order
So let us come to a problem statement given two
strings
You need to return the length of the longest common
sub string here
The String AB appears in continuous order so it is
common sub string of length two and then string
ABC appears in continuous order so it is also a
common sub string but of length three we need to return
the length of the longest common sub string in this case the expected output is 3.